Dear Candidate!

The program code in this Eclipse project contains a small painter program that intended to provide some editing function
for the users.

A user of the program would like to be able to have a simple selection tool, so that she is able to mark the points of
 the shown structure. The marked points needs to be highlighted on the drawing area with yellow background color, which
 is under the drawing and 2-3 pixel wider than the actually drawn lines. If both points of an edge is selected then she
 considers the edge also selected. She also would like to unmark marked points with this same tool, so if a marked point
 is marked again, it sould be deselected. She would like to mark the points by clicking on them or near to them. After
 asking her she stated she feels a 5 pixel radius would be enough but she need to try this out, and she may change her
 mind on this. 

A user would like to have the possibility to change the drawing, by clicking on a point of the structure and move it by
dragging the mouse (hold down left button, move the mouse and then release the button), so that she will be able to
modify the structure and see if it looks better that way.

This functionalities are required to be available via a menu in the application called Edit. The first function needs to
be called as Select, the second as Move. The Move function has to work only on an edge, and does not need to consider if
a point is selected or not. 

The application has some interfaces ready to implement these tools for the user, please conform with those interfaces,
if you feel you need to add some more functionalities you are free to do so, and are allowed to modify any parts of the
application to implement the required features. 

And as a fun fact, I need to mention that we know the "geom" package contains much more code then needed, and it is
maybe a bit messy, but please leave those classes alone and do not modify them except it is absolutely necessary. They
are copied with slight modifications from the real codebase, just to show you that nothing is perfect in the world.